https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B8fAgX58lKM
check out = examine, investigate
check it out

scope out = you' re looking carefully at something

to look into, = talk about colleting information or facts. It's quite similar to some meanings of "to look at" but is more specifically used to talk about gathering information or doing research.

Ej. Charlie, could you look into flights to Chicago for next week?

I'm going to the factory to look into the problems that have been reported.

to dig into. = to talk about making a serious effort to uncover information.
Ex. All right everyone, let's dig into this sales report together.
- Anne, I'd like you to dig into the website issues this afternoon.

--------------------

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ysYl8F5fVg&list=PL2fUZ7TZy_xeaZbXP4vuhYWnZwLydcUUd

"Get through" = if you get through a task or an amount of work, you complete it.

Ex. We have a lot to get throught today, so let's begin.
- Thanks for a great meeting everybody! We got throught a lot of important business today.

"Knuckle down" = to focus and work hard on the task or job to be done
Ex. We'll have to really knuckle down if we want to finish the project on schedule.

The start of the month was hard, but we knuckled down and hit our sales targets in the end.

"Go over" = to carefully check or review something
Ex. This proposal is very important so let's go over it one more time.

Alex, please go over the report and make sure there are no mistakes.

"Bring up" = to start discussing a topic
That's a very interesting point - I'm glad you brought it up.

I'am sorry, but I don't think we have time for that. Maybe you should bring it up at the next meeting.

"Go on" = to start talking again after a pause or interruption 

Ex. Please go on - I'am sorry for interruping.
May I go on? 


"Break something down" = to separate something into smaller parts so that it's easier to do or understand.
Ex. The process sounds quite complex. Could you break it down for us please?
- There's a lot involved in this task, so it might be better to break it down into smaller tasks.

"Point something out" = to tell someone something that they did not already know or had not thought about.
Ex. That's completely new to me! Thanks for pointing it out.
- I'd just like to point out that these results are from last year, not this year.

"Think something throught" = to carefully think about the possible result of doing something.
Ex. I'am afraid that wasn't our best decision. We just didn't think it throught.
- I'm sorry, but I don't think this plan will work. You and your team need to think it through again.

----------------
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eyNn5qLnmgw&list=PL2fUZ7TZy_xeaZbXP4vuhYWnZwLydcUUd&index=2

Advanced phrasal verbs for work

"Add up" = to increase by small amounts untill there is a large total.
Ex. We need to buy a lot of different things for our new offices, but we alse need to be careful about our spending because it all adds up.
- What went wrong with the business? Well, we just had one small problem after another, and they all eventually added up to several very big problems that we just couldn't solve.

"Branch out" = to start doing something new or different.
Ex. After a couple of years working for different companies, Robert branched out on his own.
- The company is planning to branch out into new markets next year.

"fall behind" = to not make as much progress as someone else.
Ex. We didn't react quickly enough to changes in the market and fell behind our competitors as a result.
- Everyone else in the department is performing well but Gordon is falling behind.

"Hold off" = to delay doing something
Ex. We're holding off on the order until the price comes down.
- I'am not sure that this is the right time for this investment. Let's hold off for now and see how things develop.

"line up" = to prepare, organise or arrange something.
Ex. In have a very interesting meeting lined up for next week.
- We have some very special offers lined up for the winter season.

"Mull over" = to think carefully about something for a long time, often before making decision.
Ex. Rashid likes to take his time and mull over all of his options befo making a decision.
- It's an interesting proposal, but I'd like to have a little more time to mull it over.

"Press on" = to continue doing something in a determined way.
Ex. We're doing great work on the project, but we need to press on if we want to achieve the best result.
- You're doing a brillant job, Jana. If you press on, I'm sure some interesing opportunities will come your way.

"Run over" = to take more time than was planned.
Ex. The meetings in our deparment always run over.
- Sorry everyone, but it looks like we're going to run over today. I hope you can all stick around for another little while.

"Stick around " = stay somehere.






